Update content-guidelines.md (#395)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/contribute/content-guidelines.md

### Write in the open

It's a good idea to ask for directions by seeking feedback early. This may stop you from wandering too far in the wrong direction. There is a whole community around you that's ready to jump in and help.

---

> Moving on to the next section, let’s take a look at the [Illustration guidelines]({{ '/guide/contribute/illustration-guidelines/' | relative_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we've covered general content guidelines, let’s take a closer look at [Illustration guidelines]({{ '/guide/contribute/illustration-guidelines/' | relative_url }}).
```

Reviewer: I see your rocket emoji. Does that mean you approve of this change? Want to make sure you're OK with it before merging.

Author: I still need to learn to communicate clearly, right? LOL

Lets do this. I like your version better.
